All features appended to the history of this software that are not included
in the origin seed (found at https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter
retrieved Jan 07, 2017) are under the license immediately below. All other
changes that do not originate from this repository fall under the MIT License
at the end of this document.

Copyright (c) 2017 @CovalentLabs (Covalent LLC incorporated in Missouri)

This software is provided free of charge to use and distribute. The authors
are not required to have any responsibility to the users of this software.
Anyone can manipulate and change this software and suggest changes, but
contributors understand that in the event that they are not entitled to
any ownership of this software they may contribute to, unless otherwise
agreed upon.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 @qdouble and contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
